README.md, before:

## 1. Git and GitHub 
Okay, GIT knowledge was completely new to me, at first it was difficult to turn all theoretical knowledge into practical attempts to push the task, but over time I figured it out, let's move on

***
## 2. Linux CLI, and HTTP
It was not difficult to work with the Linux command line, everything is clear, I did not pass the more difficult levels, since it was stated that it is better to have experience working with it, so I also think that I will not remember that knowledge at the moment, I will return to it later . I taught about web protocols before that, but now I repeated everything.

[link into pictures_linux](/task_linux_cli)
***
## 3. GIT Collaboration
Good night, everybody:) Consolidated the knowledge, now it is easier to apply it. To be continued ...

[link into pictures_GIT](/task_git_collaboration)
***
## 4. Intro to HTML and CSS
I was familiar with HTML and CSS before, so after taking the courses, I repeated my knowledge.

[link into pictures_HTML_CSS](/task_html_css_intro)
***

## 5. Responsive Web Design
An interesting article about Responsive Web Design, I had dealt with it before, but I reminded its one more time.
Flexbox is easier for me than Grid (the last levels of Grid Garden were breaking my head:) )

[link into pictures_Responsive_Web_Design](/task_responsive_web_design)
***

Commit message:

added tasks popup and JsBasics

README.md, after:

## 1. Git and GitHub
Okay, GIT knowledge was completely new to me, at first it was difficult to turn all theoretical knowledge into practical attempts to push the task, but over time I figured it out, let's move on

***
## 2. Linux CLI, and HTTP
It was not difficult to work with the Linux command line, everything is clear, I did not pass the more difficult levels, since it was stated that it is better to have experience working with it, so I also think that I will not remember that knowledge at the moment, I will return to it later . I taught about web protocols before that, but now I repeated everything.

[link into pictures_linux](/task_linux_cli)
***
## 3. GIT Collaboration
Good night, everybody:) Consolidated the knowledge, now it is easier to apply it. To be continued ...

[link into pictures_GIT](/task_git_collaboration)
***
## 4. Intro to HTML and CSS
I was familiar with HTML and CSS before, so after taking the courses, I repeated my knowledge.

[link into pictures_HTML_CSS](/task_html_css_intro)
***

## 5. Responsive Web Design
An interesting article about Responsive Web Design, I had dealt with it before, but I reminded its one more time.
Flexbox is easier for me than Grid (the last levels of Grid Garden were breaking my head:) )

[link into pictures_Responsive_Web_Design](/task_responsive_web_design)
***
## 6. Hooli-style-Popup
I don't like layout, but it was interesting to work with it
[Demo](https://conversee12.github.io/Hooli-style-Popup/)
[Code Base](https://github.com/Conversee12/Hooli-style-Popup.git)

## 7. JS Basics
Oooooh YEAHH, i did it! The theory was not very difficult to learn, because I had already studied js before, but I had to sit for a long time on problems with algorithms, but I am super glad, because I started to understand everything better.

[link into pictures_JS_Basics](/task_js_basics)
***
